SkyFighter2 Starter Kit
Fireballgamestudio.com
This package includes two planets each with unique features. Includes meteors of different designs, Satellites for both Alliance and enemies. Also includes a main ship with loads of features.

Earth: Earth rotates and has a cloud system that rotates around it.  Earth also has a day and night system, when the earth rotates to the dark side the city lights turns on.
Saturn: Saturn also rotates but it includes an animated ring system using particles to cause a fog and layer effect to it.  There are also meteors rotating along in the rings.
Both have a Planet HUD system both Alliance and enemy that Shows there health and name, and includes an image of what you are targeting when you target it with the ship.

Meteors: Meteors are textured using a Substance texture, and are also animated to rotate in space.  Meteor also includes a HUD system displaying health and name.  The HUD for all enemies only show when the ship has them targeted.  Meteors have a location on them where you can set the points they give allowing you to vary the points grated across them all.  Have an explosion set to play a particle explosion and play a sound when destroyed.

Satellites: Satellites are designed using a Substance texture allowing you to use the same model for both alliance and enemy satellites by just changing the color and tag.  Includes a HUD system that displays the health and name and an Icon for the targeted Satellite.  Has an explosion system that also includes a sound for when it is destroyed.  Includes a point system that adds points for destroying enemy satellites and subtracts points for destroying alliance satellites.
Ship: The ship is called SkyFighter is textured using a Substance texture allowing you to change its looks.  The ship has a HUD system that shows current health of ship and shield along with a score and life section.
Ship Shield:  The shield is textured with a shader that allows it to have transparency.  The shield changes colors as it takes damage and when it is destroyed it shuts off and starts to regenerate.  The shield has a small cool down stopping it from always being turned on.  Also has a bar in the HUD showing you its current health.  The shields damage received on collide is based on the tag all the following tags are setup for it.  Alliance and Enemy planets, Meteors, Alliance and Enemy Satellite, and Alliance and Enemy Mothership.
Ship Flight Controller:  The ship includes a flight controller using “W” to tilt the nose of the ship down, “S” to tilt the nose the ship upward, “A” to turn left, “D” to turn right, “Space” for forward thruster, ”X” for reverse thruster and “F” for shield.
Ship Health:  The ship has a health system with different damages for each tag you may collide with.  These tags include all of the following Alliance and Enemy planets, Meteors, Alliance and Enemy Satellite, and Alliance and Enemy Mothership.  It also has a slow overtime health regeneration built in.  The health system has a bar that shows in the HUD showing you its current health.
Ship Life System:  The ship is designed with a 3 life system allowing you to die three times and respond each time in safe place.  After the third death it loads game over scene.
Ship Scoring System:  The ships HUD system displays a score.  This score can be added to or subtracted from depending on what is destroyed.
Ship Thruster:  This includes particle system for both forward and backwards thrusters.  There are also sounds included for the forward thruster.
Ship Star System:  The ship has a star system encompassing it creating the effect that you are flying though space.  As the ship speeds up the star system changes to reflect more movement.
Ship Targeting System: This ship has a targeting reticule that changes colors depending on what is targeted.  It shows green for alliance items, red for enemy items and blue for nothing targeted.  This targeting system includes tags for all that follows.  Alliance and Enemy planets, Meteors, Alliance and Enemy Satellite, and Alliance and Enemy Mothership.
Ship Phaser System:  The ship is designed with four guns that can be shot using the left mouse button.  Their guns are designed using a Ray cast system.  They have a sound for when you fire them.
Ship Destroyed:  When you take enough damage to take your health to 0 there is an explosion set on ship that plays and changes the ship into remains.  There is also a sound that plays at this time.  The remains have a fire particle system setup on them with fire sounds.

Alteration and Definition of Scripts:
ThrusterParicles.cs : This script is designed to turn off and on the thruster particle effect. You set the engines on each engine and the engines for going backwards go on the bottom 4.  It checks what button is pressed and plays the particle effect for that direction.
Targeting.cs : This script is designed to allow the targeting icon to change colors depending on weather the enemy you are over is good or bad or neither.
ShipHealth.cs: This is the main ships health. In here you can also change how much damage you take for hitting an item without the shield up.  You can open the script and there is more information on changing things and what each thing does.  The Location 1 is the object that you want to go to when you die the object I have used in just a cube with no mesh render turned off.
Shield.cs: This script controls the shield.  You can also change how much damage you take for hitting items with the shield up in here.  You can open the script and there is more information on changing things and what each thing does.
Score.cs: This script controls the score you are currently receiving.  You can open the script and there is more information on changing things and what each thing does.
SmoothFollow.js : is a script provided by Unity3d this script keeps the ship the main target in the scene allowing to see it.
DeathRemains.cs:  This script turns on and off the remains and is in charge playing audio for all death items.
Flight.cs:  This script is your flight controller for the ship.  It is also in control of changing the star effect of the ship as you gain speed.
Gun.cs:  Is in controlee of firing you gun system and sending damage out to your targets.
EnemyHealthBar.cs:  Controls the showing and hiding of the enemies HUD.
EnemyHealth.cs: This controls the health of the enemy items and Alliance Items and allows you to set the points received for destroying them.  When placing this on an item you must make sure nothing else in the scene has the same name as the item you are placing it on.  The enemy spot in the inspector is where you place in the same item you are placing the script on that way when it is destroyed it causes the script to destroy it.  To remove points you type a “-“before your points.  To center the name you can add leading spaces to the name area to cause it to center it.  
DestroyPhaser.cs:  This simply destroys the bullets after they are fired and three seconds go by.
Orbit.cs: this causes the planet it is on to rotate.
PlanitRotate.cs : This is another orbit script that works for planets needing to rotate on a different axis.  
SaturnRotation.cs : This is a rotation for Saturn in specific.
StartMenu.cs:  This script controls and creates the start menu.
ControlsMenu:  This script controls and creates the Controls menu.
GameOver.cs:  This script controls and creates the Game over menu.

Creating an Enemy:
To create an enemy you must have a Rigidbody and some kind of collider attached.  You must also set them into the tag of the group you want it in.  In the script you must set what you want your enemy Health max to and start the CurHealth at the same point, The name this is where you can set a name for your item that will display in its hud, the hud you want to use for it I have provided a few different ones depending on what you want it to be, an icon this is an image with a transparent background of the item this is, background and foreground both provided they are the health bar of item, explosion this is the explosion pack set in the center of the object.  I have provided on that you can duplicate from a already created enemy.  Then you must set the enemy this is where you drop a copy of the item you are placing the script on.  Then you can set the points you want to award for destroying this item placing a “-“ before your points with cause it to subtract points.  Then you can set your explode sound in.







